[LMS-112] Restore records that were soft-deleted (#177)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/LMS-Toolkit: src/lms-ds-loader/README.md

The application processes each file in the input file system by date order, as
indicated in the file name. If a record is in a file one day, and missing on the
next day, then the system "soft deletes" that record by setting the current
timestamp into the `deletedat` column. Similarly, if a previously soft deleted record
reappears later, the record is "un-soft deleted" and updated with any new values.

This functionality requires that a root level directory only contains files for
one LMS provider. Thus if an education organization uses multiple LMS providers,
then each LMS Extractor needs to write files to a separate, dedicated directory,
and the LMS DS Loader must be run once for each extractor's output directory.

Limitations as of April 2021:

> * Data loads only supports SQL Server (tested on MSSQL 2019).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This tool only supports SQL Server (tested on MSSQL 2019). PostgreSQL support will be added at a future data.
```
